same sentence.
Using a credit card has advantages and disadvantages. There
is a price behind the discounts and benefits.
But you have Diao Chan, and
I also have Xiao Qiao and Da Qiao.
We are not necessarily just used by credit cards.
We can take the initiative to make good use of credit cards.  The
key is how you use it. I
don't want you to turn off the screen after watching the video
and pretend nothing happened,
so I specifically want to give you three steps.
Everyone go back and do your homework.
First, count how many credit cards you have.
Do you know
how much your total credit limit is?
Second, after looking at the credit card monthly statement for the most recent month,
what are your spending habits? Do you
have any outstanding balances?
I believe there will be surprises.
Third, what was the reason for applying for different credit cards in the first place? Is
this reason still valid? Do you
need to cancel the card? After
doing your homework,
you are welcome to